DEV: update what's new page for 3Q2025 (#2192)
redis/docs: content/develop/whats-new/_index.md

hideListLinks: true
weight: 10
---
## Q3 2025 (July - September) Updates

### Tools

- Added [redis-cli installation instructions]({{< relref "/develop/tools/cli" >}})

---

### Redis AI & Vectors

- Updated [vector types documentation]({{< relref "/develop/ai/search-and-query/vectors/_index" >}}) for INT8 and UINT8
- Added [GEO search precision information]({{< relref "/develop/ai/search-and-query/indexing/geoindex" >}})
- Enhanced [LangCache SDK]({{< relref "/develop/ai/langcache/_index" >}}) with savings calculator and improved API documentation

---

### Data Types

- [Bitmaps]({{< relref "/develop/data-types/bitmaps" >}}):
  - Added BITOP documentation with Python testable code examples
  - Added bit operation diagrams

---

### Client Libraries

#### Java (Jedis)
- Added [vector set embedding examples]({{< relref "/develop/clients/jedis/vecsets" >}})

#### .NET (NRedisStack)
- Added [vector set embedding examples]({{< relref "/develop/clients/dotnet/vecsets" >}})

> - Enabled C#-Sync client variant with async examples

Reviewer: Both of them exist but you can only see C#-Async on the landing page for now.
```suggestion
- Enabled C#-Sync and C#-Async client variants with async examples on the landing page
```

#### Rust (NEW)
- Added initial [Rust client documentation]({{< relref "/develop/clients/rust/_index" >}})
- Enabled Rust-Sync and Rust-Async client variants

> - Added testable code examples for Rust

Reviewer: They'll be tested but not "testable" in our usual sense (it's very unlikely we'll get a doctests folder on the client repo).
```suggestion
- Landing page code examples for Rust
```
